hey guys what's up and today i'm gonna
be showing you how to install
Computercraft for my craft 1.6 point2 or
any update higher than that it should be
the same and don't blame me if it's not
because I don't really decide that
that's all up to the my craft developers
or the developers of the mod but um yes
are basically what you want to do is go
into the description of the video and
under downloads you should see these two
links and just want to click both of
them and it should take you to here and
here and basically for this link it
should be computer craft and you want to
look forward downloading and installing
and you just want to go down until you
see download computer craft for whatever
update your on and if you're installing
for an update higher you want to make
sure that this mod and micro forge of
both updated micro forge is usually
really quick at updating so that will
definitely be updated but make sure the
mods updated so make sure it says for
Minecraft whatever version you're on if
it's for a lower update then it won't
work but basically for one foot 6.2 you
just want to click on that link and
should be downloading straight away for
google chrome it's right here and for I
don't know whatever other ones you're on
you just want to go to your downloads
and then unisol no drag it to the
desktop or any way you can see it and
open it and then you're done with this
link so you can exit that off and then
you should be on Google I'm sorry well
and then you should be on this link so
my craft forge and where it says select
Minecraft version you want to make sure
on this drop-down menu that it's on your
version so don't don't do that just do
your version so one puts this one too
and then you want to look for latest
whatever update your on and go across
until you see installer in these
brackets and you just want to click on
that link and should take you to outfly
and you just want to wait five seconds
and skip the app and you just want to
press keep and drag this to the side and
you just want to look for micro forge
wherever it is in your downloads or down
here and you just want to drag it to the
same place where computercraft is and
drop it there so now on your desktop or
wherever you should have micro forge and
computer craft ok once you've got these
two you want to make sure you have a
program called winrar and this will be
in the description and basically what it
allows you to do is to open java files
and basically edit them and stuff like
that but what you want to do is you want
to double click on minecraft forge
installer and this is really easy it
does it all for you but you want to make
sure you're on install client because
we're not installing it for a server or
extracting it and you want to make sure
that on this link that it ends with
roaming slashdot my craft and it doesn't
matter about this this will be different
depending on your PC but you want to
make sure that it's going into your dot
minecraft folder and then you just want
to press ok and complete it so that's
basically part 1 you've installed the
first thing and now you have to install
the actual mod so press ok and then what
you want to do is make sure that my
craft is closed and then you just want
to open any folder doesn't matter and
where you see this blank space here
should be a long bar that didn't sound
right and you want to just click
anywhere in this long bar and you just
want to it should highlight this thing
in here and just want to delete all of
that and then you just want to search %
app data percent and make sure it's
exactly the same I'll put a arm text on
the screen so you don't get it wrong and
then you just want to press Enter
and it should take you to hell and you
just want a good look for dot my craft
and if it's not first it should be but
you just want to search for it just doc
my craft and then you want to go into
that ok and this should bring you to
here so this is like your directory and
you want to go two versions and
basically you want to make sure that
there is the 1.6 went to Ford folder and
that just means Forge is installed so
you want to make sure that's there and
once that's there you just want to go
back and you want to open minecraft so
just click on your minecraft launcher
and in this profile tap you just want to
go in to forge so go to the strip down
and forge and basically now you're
running the profile of Forge and you're
just want to click Play and this will
just install forge basically get all the
files so you should see some new files
in here and if you have this mods tap
here that means for just looked and
stuff like that so you just want to quit
the game now and a new folder should be
generated and should be called mods and
you just want to double click on that
and basically you might not have that
that's just another mod no you just want
to highlight Computercraft and drag it
into here so just move to mods and
basically that's it there is another
thing you have to do but that's all in
game so basically you go into my craft
now and basically this Forge version now
has your mod installed so you want to go
edit profile and just rename this to
whatever you want just something that
will remind you that Computercraft is in
it so just died oh no I'm just going to
call the computer craft and then you
just want to press a profile and go to
the strip down and make sure all your
own computer craft and then basically as
I said earlier the good thing about the
new launcher is you can easily just go
back to the normal minecraft so just go
to one point circle interior and that's
the normal version of my craft and then
if you want to play with your mod you
just go to computer craft and that's
basically it so if we press play now
as you can see it should say five miles
loaded and if you go to mods as you can
see computercraft and all this
information and stuff and if we go in
game let me just make a new world cuz
i'm not sure what happened there okay
and as you can see it worked and hey
guys and sorry about that sudden cut
when I went to fullscreen my recording
sort of crashed anyway as thank you guys
for watching if you have any questions
or things I didn't go through well
enough just comment and if this mod
didn't work just comment I've said that
but yeah